Commits should be very small and do "one thing" i.e.  30min - 90min of work. Or even less. And they should be
divided into clear categories. Commits should not be part of more than one category. Also, they should have flags
indicating their status.



Categories:
    - Logic: When new logic is added or old logic modified this is a logic commit. And by modified I mean the
    code now produces a different result than before, not refactoring.

    - Refac: Refactoring, when the code is changed but the logic remains the same, e.g. splitting one method in two,
    using list comprehension instead of a normal for loop, etc.

    - Renaming(Rename): When variables/files/folders/table columns are renamed this is a renaming commit. Also, moving
    a file from one folder to another, creating new folders to split files etc.

    - Documentation(Doc): Adding doc strings, updating DB diagram, changing the readme, management.txt, .myPyPas etc.

Note: No need to be a radical about this, no problem if a logic commit involves some refactoring related to the logic
changes, or a small amount of renaming or a docstring in one of the new logic methods. But the point is to not clutter
diffs with changes that are not really that immediately relevant. For example, lets say you change the name of some
variable used in 100 places, and one other line which affects logic and breaks everything. It would be nice to have
those two in different commits to not have to go through 100 renamings to get to the one line that broke everything.



Flags:
    - no flag: If no flag is added we assume the commit does what it says in the title, it's been reasonably tested
    and it works.

    - (notest): The goal marked by the commit title has in theory been achieved, but it has not been tested so there's
    some likelihood it is not working.

    - (WIP): Work in progress, i.e. the goal which the title of the commit claims to achieve is fundamentally incomplete
    and there is no hope it can work in the current state.

    - (PSEUDOSTABLE): Everything kinda works as expected, has been tested



Commit message syntax:

{Category}/{Descriptive message of what the commit does}{flag}

note: If a commit starts as (WIP) moves on to (notest) and is then finally complete for example, the message of the
commit should be the same for all three, to be easier to find.

